SUPER QUICK NEAR VALIDATOR NODE INSTALLATION FOR UBUNTU

Once you've purchased your high quality VDS/DS and logged into root account via SSH, edit the name below of the user account that will be created and subsequently logged into.  Then copy and paste into the console:

```
USERNAME=yourusernamehere
####
sed -i 's/%sudo\tALL\=.*/%sudo\tALL\=\(ALL:ALL\) NOPASSWD: ALL/' /etc/sudoers
useradd -m -s /bin/bash -G adm,systemd-journal,sudo $USERNAME
echo "password required pam_unix.so sha512 shadow nullok rounds=65536" >> /etc/pam.d/passwd
password=$(apg -m 43 -a 1 -n 1)
(echo $password; echo $password) | passwd $USERNAME
echo "User Password: $password"
```

Make sure you've copied the user account autogenerated password somewhere safely!  Then reboot the machine with:

```
sudo reboot
```

And then login to the user account with that password.  Now do in order:

1. Edit pool_name in createnode.sh to your-to-be moniker for both the signing wallet & validator pool.

2. Run:

```
./createnode.sh
```

This will compile, install, initialize, autostart and autorun 24/7 a new NEAR node, plus install NEAR-CLI, plus install node monitoring tools (accessible via browser at http://yourserverIP:3000).

3. Once the node is fully synced, create a signing wallet for NEAR-CLI using this exact format "poolnamemoniker.shardnet.near" (without quotes) at https://wallet.shardnet.near.org/.  Once that is done the keypair needs to be downloaded to your server via:

```
near login
```

Copy the URL given and paste it into your browser.  Grant full access to NEAR-CLI in the resulting popup.  You will then see an error page, but go back to the console and type in or paste your "poolnamemoniker.shardnet.near" (without quotes) signing wallet.

4. Edit AMOUNT in createpool.sh with how much you want to stake initially (ideally, above the next epoch's seat price).  It will cost 30 NEAR to create the pool, plus 
gas, plus your stake amount.  Then run:

```
./createpool.sh
```

Once that is done, you're good to go!
